&amp; 'EM!! 'em 'em! 'em! 'em!&amp;LT;a 'gon 'gon 'gon 'x' 'x' 1 106 12x] 16 2x] 2x] 2x] 305! 305! 4x] 9 All All All! And B B, Blow! Break Bust But But But Canzoni&amp;LT;/a&amp;GT; Chico Chico Chico's City Click, Cock Cry Cuz Cuz DB, DIE DIE! DIE! Die Do Every Every Everybody Everybody Everybody Everything Everywhere FOR FUCKING Follow For For From From Fuck Get HA! HEY HEY Haters He Hell! How I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'ma I'ma I's I've I've I've I, If If It! It's It's It's Jon Kick L! LET'S Last Lil Lil'Jon, Little Luke Man Man Man Man! Man! Man, Mark Me Me Monster! Monster! Monster! Monsters! Nigga Nigga, Only P PITBULL Papo Pit Pit's Pitbull Put Ready Repeat Ride!!! Right! Since T T's, T, TILL TILL That's That's The Then This This This This This This To To U, Uncle Wanna Watch We We Who With [Chorus [Chorus [Chorus [Repeat [Repeat a a a a a a a a a aint all all, and and as as at back, be be be be been bitch bitches bitches block! blood blow blow bottom boys bread bunch burning bust but can can't careful careful cares click click! click! click! click! click! click! click! click! click, click, closely coached cops cream created cross da did die die do do don't done done door, dot double down due dumb equipped even extra fail! feat fiend fire five flow foe?? for for for for for for for for for for for from from fuck fuck'em game game game game get glock! go go go got gotta grind, gun hate, he he head, heads hearts here here hoe?? hollah house how how how how how how href="http://www.testimania.com/"&amp;GT;Testi hustlers ice if in in in in in in in in in in is is is is is is is is is it it it it it it it it jail just just killers know know know know know know know knows knows let's letting like listen little live lives lock! locked man man! me me me me me mine, most most, mouth! murdering muthafucking muthafucking muthafucking my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my never next nigga niggas not notch nothing, now now now! of of of of on on or or or our over park! part patient peoples peoples! peoples! peoples! peoples! play play play play played pool position ready respect ride ride right right, roll run run running sell sharks! shit shit! shit, show smart sold some south spit stop! strong succeed, survive swallow take take talk that that that that that that that that's the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the them them these these these they they they they they they they thing things things think this time to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to told top! truth turn up up up up us wanna wanna wanna war war watch! watching way we weed well what, when when where's, who, why why why's wit with with with with with words you you you you you “ ” 