(You're (all (people (people (they’re (they’re (you're All All All All All All All All All All All All All All Any Baby Baby Beauty But Can Cause Cause DJ DJ DJ Everyone I I In JB, Let's Light Lost Luda! Once So So So Uh, We're We're Why Why Yeah, Yeah, You You're You're You're You're You're about again, all all all and and and and around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around around at at? at? at? at? back back back back back back, back, battles be be be be be be be beautiful beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beauty bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring but can cause change control crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy day deserve different different different different different different different doing doing doing? doing? don't don't don't duo's dynamic end every everything explosive for for found found girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, give hate hold hold hold hold if imperfectly in in is is it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it's it's it) it) it? itching just know know know light light lights like like like like like like love love loved loved loved loved loved loved) loved) make may moon never no no no no no no no not not ok! ones ones only only pay people people people people people people perfect please reflect reverse revolves saying scratching second shine should should should show shy? shy? so so so some stars sun surface than than than than than than than that that that that that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that? the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the they’re they’re they’re they’re they’re think think time time, to to to to to to to up, up, us us us us us us) us) want want want want want want want we what what where where where where while win wins with work working working working world world world world world world world world world world world world world) world, world, world, world, world, worth yeah yeah, you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you're you're your 