Baby, Baby, Been Been Boy Boy, Boy, Boy, Can't Can't Go Go Hurting Hurting Hurting I I I I I I I I I I’ve I’ve Just Just Just Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Make Make Man, Man, Man, Mmm, Mmm, Mmm, No No Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, So So Take Take Take What What What What What What What What Who Who all all all all all all all all all all always always and and and and and are are are are are are are are argue, argue, baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby back back back back back back back back back back back back back back, back, back, back, back, back, bad bad bad been been better better, better, better, better, better, better, better, better, better, boy boy boy boy, boy, boy, cares cares crack? crack? do do do do do do do do, do, do, do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? else else eye eye eye feels feels fuck fuck fuck get get gonna gonna gotta gotta gotta had had hurts hurts hurts in in in inside inside inside it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, just just just keep keep keep kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss know know like like like like like like long long look look look make make man, man, man, me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me need need night night night night night night night night night night on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on one one pride, pride, pride, right right right right sunshine sunshine take take take take take take take take take take take take take take tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell that that that that that that that that that that think think to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to up up up up up waiting waiting waiting waiting what what what what what what what what what what what what’s what’s when when when when when willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing wrong wrong yell, yell, you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you your your your your your your you’re you’re you’re you’re you’re you’re you’re you’re 