(Bye) (Hey) (Hey) (It's **** 8-5-0, Accentuate After After Ahahah And And And As Bounce Bounce Bounce Bounce Bounce Bounce Bounce Bounce Bounce, But But But Cause Cause Chevrolet Click Come Compliments Coupe Everywhere Face Face Fellas Fellas Fellas From From From From From From From From From Got Got Grigio... Grigio... Grigio... Hair Hate Hatin' I I I I I I I I I I I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I, If If If If If It's It's Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Lamborghini Lamborghini Mae-Mae Mariah. Me Migrate. Mini OK, Obviously Obviously On Once Or Otherwise, Otherwise, Patron Patron, Patron, Patron, Patron, Rae-Rae Raise See Shawntae Shawty Shawty Sick Sitting So So So Soon Soon Soon Soon Speed T-Pain That's That's The Them Then They They They This Time To To Treat Tryin' Tryin' Tryin' V.I.P. V.I.P. Way We We We We We We We We Whatcha Y'all Y'all a a a a a a after after again ain't all and and and and and and as as as as as at at at at back back back back back back bar bar bar bar, be be be begins believe, benefit berry best body body bottles bounce bounce, bounce, boy boy boys braided but buy buzzed, buzzin' cadillac can can can can can't can't car car car car, clickin' club club club, club, connecting coordinate, coordinate, crib, dance dehydrate, dial doin' don't don't don't door, door, door, door, door. down drinks, dubs. ends envious eyes face, faded fat feature feel fit, flats, flex flo' flo', flock, floor flow for four four from get get get get getting girl. girls, glasses, go, going going going gon' gon' gonna gots gotta grabbin' grabbin' grabbin' grease had he's hips, holiday, home, hot) hot, hot. hotel, hotel, hour, in in in in in inked inked into into is is it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it's it's it's jam, jeans, jumpin' know know know know like like like like like like like, like, love, main make man me me might migrate migrate migrate migrate migrate, migrate, migrate, migrate, migrate, migrate, migrate. migrate. migrate. migrate. migrate. migrate. migrate. migrate. move move movin... movin... movin... movin... movin... movin... movin... movin... much my my my my my my my my my my my my neck need need need none nothin' of of of of of off off off off okay, on on on on, on, one ones, or out outside, outside, packed packed, pants, party party party party party, party, place, place, place, place, playin' plus proceed pull qualified, qualified, roll, same see shout show show. sippin' sippin' sippin' slow, slow. slow. slow. something stacks stand status, stay steal take that that that'll that, the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the they they they they they this this three through through through through throw thuggin' thuggin' time time time time, tire, to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to tolerate, too up up up up up, up, us us us us us us us us, very wait waitin' walk walk walk walkin' way way, we we we we we we we we we we what what when where where with with wrap, wrist ya'll yeah yo yo yo, yo, yo, you you you you're you're you're you're your your your your... your... 