(never (never (never (never (never (never, (oh (oh (repeat) (repeat) (uh ...) 4th And And And And And And Bieber Bieber Bieber But By Cause Cobe David Goliath, Gonna Gonna Here Hold I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I'll I'm I'm Ice It's J JB JB! Jaden Jaden Justin Justin Justin Like Like Like Luke Make Make Make Ne-never Ne-never Ne-never Ne-never Ne-never Ne-never Never Never No Now Pick Pick Pick Pick Pick Pick See Smith Smith Smith So So They Until We're When When When Whenever Whenever Whenever Will Yeah a a a across aight? ain't and and and and and and and arms attack attack back back be be be best, bigger bit blood. born bro. burn can can chill climb comes conquered could could could could destiny destiny down down, down, enough enough everything everything fast feel feel fight fight fight fight fight fight fire flyest. force forever forever! forever! free from giant. give give go! got gotcha gotta ground. ground. ground. guess had hand, handle handle have have he he's he's hearts hearts higher highest him. him. his huh) in intended, is it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it) it) it) it, just just knock knock knock land. lil little longer me me me me me me me me, me, moon's my my my never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never never! never) never, no no no no) no) not not not now of of older on on on on ooooh pick pick pick pick pick pick point power power pun push raised reached return right right right run say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say sea shove. side song stars stay stay stay strength strong stronger take take taller than than than than than that that that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the there's there's this this this thought thought thought thought thrill. through till till till to to to to to tower trying trying turning turning two under under up up up up up up up up up up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, walk was was water we where who? will will will will will will will will will will will will with with with with with world yeaaah yeah) yes you you you your your 