'Cause 'Cause 'cause , A And As But But But Desperately Do Do I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Metaphorically On On Please Please Please Please Please Same Some The Then They They To Why Why Why Why Why a a a a a a adore, afraid all all am am amount an and and and and and and anticipate, apart arms asked asking, await awake, awake, be be be become? become? become? become? bigger blood but by calling, calling, ceiling, clouds clouds crash crazy crazy crime, dandy dark's dark's darkness, day day day demons demons denial denied, don't don't don't don't eve eve eyes face, fake, feel find fine fire, fire, fire, fire, for for for for forged forgiveness forgotten four. free free, go go? go? gone, gone, gone. gone. got grace, hair hands, handy, harpoon. has have have have have have have have have have have have have hear hear heard heard heart in in in insignificant, insignificant, is is it it's kicked kicked kicked kicked knees landing, leaving, let let like like living man's mask me me me me me me me, me, me, me, moon, morning, morning, must must must must must, mvp'ed my my my my my my my my my need need, no no no no not not not not not number of of of oh old on on on on on on on one one, open our our out, out, out, out, pen, planning plans plans plans plans plans, plans, plead, pleading please please please please, portrays prisoners prisoners put receding, repeatedly rip scared scared see see set set set set sing something sorry soul soul soul soul soul spelling, spelling, start start start stay stay sun's swear swear take taking taking tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell than that that that that that that's that's the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the their them them them them them them them them them them them, them, them, then there's they they they they they this this this this, those those those those threaten threaten three three-time time times, to to to to to told told told told told tonight. tonight. towards, trees trees try up up us, voices voices wake want was was was was wave we we we we we we're weapon were were what what what what what when who who whore, will will will will won't won't won't words words yelling yelling, yelling, you you you you you you you you your your 