'Cause 'Cause 'Cause 'Cause 'Cause 'Cause 'Cause 'cause ('Cause ('cause (Y.O.U.) (are (best (someone (someone (uh 1] 2] And And Boy Boy, But Feels Got Got Got I I I I I I I I I I I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm It's It's It's It's Just Just Lala Lalala Lalala Love Love Love My My Oh Ohh Ohhh Ohhh Ohhh S.O.S. S.O.S. S.O.S. S.O.S. Take Take Take This This This This This This Y.O.U. Y.O.U. Y.O.U. Y.O.U. Yes You You You You You You [Bridge:] [Bridge:] [Bridge:] [CD [Chorus:] [Chorus:] [Chorus:] [Intro] [Outro] [Verse [Verse [Video a aggressive and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and answer any are are are are arms arms at at at baby?), before begging best best best boy boy boy, but but but calling can't can't can't can't can't can't close close come come come come come come come comes common control could course crazy dancer desire die do don't don't door, enough enough every feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feeling felt find for for for for for for for for for for for for get going gone got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got guess hanging hard hard hard hard, hard, head healthy... healthy... healthy... healthy... heels help help help help help hold hot huh) in in in incessantly inside is is is is issue it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it, just just just keep knots know know know know know... la la la la la la lala lala lala lala lala lala lala lala lala lalala lalala lesson, like like.. lock lookin' lookin' lookin' looking looking looking losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing lost lost, lost, lost, lost, lost, loves make make making making making making making me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me) me) me), me, me, me, me, me, me, me. me. me. mind mind mind mind) mind, mind, mind, miss mistaken moment my my my my my my my my my myself, never never night night night not not not not now now obsessive of of of of of of of of of of of of of oh ohh on on on on on on on on on on on, one one open open out out out over over please please please please please please please please please please presence pressing put question real rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rescue rest rest rest rest rest rest right right said sanity second see see seem sense shaken sleep sleep sleep so so so so so somebody someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone still still still stole stressing, take telling testing testing testing the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the this this this this this this this this this this thought thought time time time time time time time) tiny to to to to to to tonight tonight. tossin' tossin' tossin' true tummy's turnin' turnin' turnin' unfair, unspoken up up up up up, vanity version:] version:] way way way way way what when when with with words you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you're you, you, you, you, your your your your your 