! ! " "cold "damn "white (dumb) (ugh) -wut-eva 40-40 A&amp;R's AM All And And And And And And BOUT Barmitsfa Bay, Cause Cause Cause Cause Cause Comeback Craft. DO Every GET Get Hope How I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I'd I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I've IS IT? Keep No No OTIS? Oh On Ooooohhh! Please SHAKE Season. Shout Sit THAT THE TO The The The These They This To Top Tryna UP UP United WHAT WHAT WORLD What Who Why Why With X Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yes! You You You You You Your [? [? [? [? [? [? [Drake: [Rapping:] [beat [laughs] [talking:] ] ] ] ] ] ]. a a a a a a a a a a a a a a act admire afford after agents ain't ain't ain't all altitude am am and and and and and are are are as as at at? baby babygirl back back back back be beat bedtime. before bill black blood blue break brown budgetin'. burn bust but but buzzin by cake call came can can't can't can't champaigne changes] check check cheese cheese. chest. chewin chris christmas city city city, clean cloud club" collections. come come connect connects control cousin craft cuttin dame dat. days. days. days. deal destroyed develop direct direction. dirty do doctor, doin don't don't don't drake drake, drake. drinks drug drug drum. dub" due dumb earn em' emotional enjoy enough even even extravaganza fact favorite flat flights. flow. fooled for for for for for form formally four. from from. fxck gifted gimme girl girls go. gon' got got gotta gotta groupie gucci gum. hand! height. here. hits homie hopin hot how hurts hyrdo if in in in in. in. is is is it it it it it it it it it's it's jamaican jay jeopardy-I'm just keep keepin kidd kno know know known last learn less. let lights lights like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like, little love luke-warm make make mayne. me me me me. meet mine, miss miss mistake mistresses model money money money. money. money. my my my my my my my my need need need nephew new next no no no no not notch, nothing nxgga nxgga of off offense on on on on on opis opportunity or other other out out out out out perfected phantom playin playin playin please possess. present probably process. process. prodigy promise rappers rappers real redwine. resolved returned rich. ride right right. rub selection. show show shxt shxt. signed single single. sittin so so so some spit stars stay. still still still sure take take take talent talkin talkin talking] teach tellin tha that that that that that that that's the the the the the the the the the these these these these they they they this this this this. this. this. to to to to to to to to to to to toys. truth turn two under uno up up. us using waited was was was way ways. welcome wheel-chair-Jimmy where's who who's with with witnesses wraps wut ya'll yeah yes yet, you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you, youngins your your 